DONE
Add option to disable individual input/output on recipes from being included in total calculation
	Would like to be able to disable individual inputs/outputs from being included in the total calculation.
	For example, if a recipe has a byproduct that is not used in the factory, it should not be included in the total calculation.
	Similarly, if an input is being supplied externally and should not be included in the total calculation, it should be able to be disabled.

	Add a checkbox next to each input/output in the recipe modal to enable/disable it from the total calculation.
	When disabled, the input/output should be visually indicated (e.g., greyed out).


	Or we could just allow the user to click the input/output itself to toggle it on/off for inclusion in the total calculation.
	When disabled, the input/output should be visually indicated (e.g., greyed out).






When creating a new factory, auto select that factory.



Add recipe modal
	Would like the option to input either a multiplier, or input one of the inputs or one of the outputs and have the rest be caclulated on the fly.
	Would also be nice to be able to search for output rather then recipe name
So "Add Recipe" button
	Modal opens
		Select recipe from dropdown
			Model renders inputs and outputs as "input fields"
			    if a field is changed, the rest are recalculated based on the recipe ratios
		"Add Recipe" button to confirm and add to factory
The edit recipe button should show the modal while the "multipler" badge should behave the way the edit button does now. So clicking the multipler badge should turn it into an input field to change the multipler directly.
	Also - support hitting enter to confirm the change and escape to cancel the change when editing the multipler directly.




Maybe add a small dropdown to each recipe to select the factory tier ?
We have a multipler already, but adding a factory tier would just multiply with that again.


Add a small dropdown to the resource balance so we can select a specific factory or all factories
	Would be nice to be able to see the resource balance for a specific factory, or all factories combined.
	Dropdown to select factory or "All Factories"
	When "All Factories" is selected, show the total resource balance for all factories combined.
	When a specific factory is selected, show the resource balance for that factory only.
	This allows the tool to be useful when designing a single factory, or when managing multiple factories.
	Should default to "All Factories"


Add a "Auto calculate multipler" button on recipes? To calculate exactly how much of a given recipe is needed to satisfy the inputs of other parts of the factory
